1.  Build Engine

- [x] Built ✅

1.1 Build GreedyBot and MCTS Bot implementataion in Rust, Tuning Pipeline for both, must be able to run simulated games very fast. Each single game must be seeded and tracable, with the option of having a --debug flag that fully logs each action of each bot for full tracability for debugging

- [x] Built ✅

2. Test Engine with MCTS and Greedy Bots, fully traceable combat
2.1 Build ML/AI Training and Inference Infrastructure (Gym Bridge, Python Gymnasium / OpenAI Gym)
3. Train first PPO and AlphaZero Agents as Proof of Concept
4. Expand Cards and Engine
4.1 Develop Lore, Background, Characters, Wordbuilding, create Artwork and Flavor Text, make it fun to play, not just fun to research with. Factions, Champions, Setting. Drawing Inspiration from Hearthstone/Warcraft, MTG and other Fantasy / Steampunk Fantasy Worlds, without blatantly copying IP.
5. Focus on ML AI Research (Specialist vs Generalist, different PPO Approaches, different AlphaZero Approaches)
5.1 Transfer Learning: hidden information, randomness, etc
5.2 adding new sets with new cards and combos, does the agent perform well without retraining?
6. Build Visualization Web Client, host on huggingface.ai space
6.1 Research Mode: AI vs AI (Agents, Bots) Mode with Research focus
6.2 Play Mode: Human vs AI (Fun Mode to get researchers hooked)
6.3 Create essence-wars.ai website that links to hugginface.ai space. Two Fold Scope: Gathering Gaming Data from Players wanting to play against the Agents. Showcasing our ML/AI Research, and getting other Researchers involved, and possibly contributors for Infrastructure Work (Card Expansion, Engine Maintenance, Bug Fixing, Github Issues, etc). All Open Source, no charging, no monetization, maybe a patron or github/huggingface equivalent.
7. Ongoing Research and Expansion
7.1 More Cards, maybe a few more keywords (one per expansion at most, capped at 20?)
7.2 Looking into LLM research. SFT Finetuning via QLoRA Adapters for existing LLMs. Possibly pretraining on gathered data sets. 
7.3 Building an Orchestrator that enables LLMs to play against PPO and AlphaZero Agents, and captures reasoning output for training data especially for LLMs